[Autogenerated] I AM is an access management service that controls
who can have access to what in your AWS account.
It's fitting that it's one of the first services that we're
going to cover in depth because it's really the gatekeeper
to all of the services in AWS.
I am allows you to easily administer access to various users on your account.
This includes managing passwords, multi factor authentication,
access keys and ssh keys for all users created on an account
permissions or the ability for those users to administer or use other
services on your account can also be managed through I am there are
several different methods to control these permissions but the main
structure to work with is a policy.
A policy is a collection of permissions to access
different services in a particular way,
policies can be very specific to the resource level or broad
and allow permissions on a type of service.
In addition,
policies are typically mixed and matched to a particular user or group.
A group for developers might have full access to ec two,
so they can spin up instances as needed.
Or a group for testers might have read only access to a dynamo db table
but full access to a particular S three bucket policies,
make it easy to assign permissions to users or groups in an
administrative way let's take a look at the I AM dashboard.
The dashboard gives you a snapshot of your current I am setup
such as number of users groups etcetera.
In addition it has some amazon suggested best
practices in the course of this module,
we will implement each one of these best practices on the left side.
You'll see the individual sections of I am,
we won't have time to go through all of these in this module,
but we'll cover the main sections like users groups and policies I
am is all about the security of your account.
And accordingly it is endlessly deep with ways you can
configure access and authentication with I am.
Amazon makes it easy for even the newest developer to achieve
industry grade security on their account. Let's get started to secure our account and learn I am.